Metazoa Static content E115 (#158)
EnsemblGenomes/ensembl-static: metazoa/species/Ostrea/Ostrea_edulis/Ostrea_edulis_gca947568905v1rs_about.md

**About *Ostrea edulis***
-------------------------
*Ostrea edulis*, commonly known as the European flat oyster, is a 
species of oyster native to Europe. In Great Britain and Ireland, 
localized names include Colchester native oyster, mud oyster, or 

> edible oyster. In France, Ostrea edulis are known as hu�tres plates 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edible oyster. In France, *Ostrea edulis* are known as huitres plates 
```
